{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FiraMono-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FiraMono-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red64\green64\blue64;\red52\green52\blue52;\red135\green136\blue138;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20420\viewh20580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs44 Thank you \'b7 Danke\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs34 \cf0 Should you have any questions or ideas, drop us a line via sales@carrois.com. Your feedback is what makes our typefaces even better. Get started and create awesome designs with our fonts! Thanks again for your purchase.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 Haben Sie Fragen oder Ideen, schreiben Sie uns einfach: sales@carrois.com. Ihre Meinung und Kritik macht unsere Schriften immer besser. Gestalten Sie Sch\'f6nes und nochmals vielen Dank f\'fcr Ihren Einkauf.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Attention \'b7 Achtung\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf0 \'95 Do not install multiple versions of the same font on one computer. That absolutely applies for OTF and TTF. Only ONE of those formats should be installed on a single computer.
\f1\b\fs44 \

\f0\b0\fs34 \'95 Never rename any font files because this may render them unusable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\'95 Installieren Sie auf einem Rechner nie gleichzeitig mehrere Versionen desselben Fonts. Das gilt unbedingt f\'fcr OTF und TTF. Nur eines dieser Formate sollte auf je einem Computer installiert sein.\
\'95 Benennen Sie Fontdateien niemals um. Dadurch k\'f6nnen sie unbrauchbar werden.
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\f1\b\fs44 About OFA \'b7 \'dcber OFA \'96 One For All Licence Agreement
\f0\b0\fs32 \
\
Buy fonts and simply use them in every application. No more worrying about whether you can use the font on your website AND your business card. We ship all font formats together! That means a single purchase covers OTF, TTF and WEB formats. OFA contains full rights of use for print, web and mobile applications and is available in three convenient licence volumes: S, M and L.\
\
If OTF is the only format offered, you have the right to convert the fonts to different formats such as TTF, EOT, SVG or WOFF via a conversion tool of your choice.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs34 \cf0 \'95 http://www.carrois.com/ofa/
\fs32 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Einfach Schriften kaufen und benutzen. Schluss mit der Gr\'fcbelei, ob es legal ist die Schrift f\'fcr Ihre Webseite UND Ihre Visitenkarte zu verwenden. Wir liefern alle Font-Formate zusammen! Das bedeutet, dass Sie nur mit einem Einkauf OTF, TTF und die WEB-Formate zusammen erhalten. OFA beinhaltet die Nutzungsrechte f\'fcr Druckanwendungen, Webseiten und mobile Applikationen und ist in in drei praktischen Lizenzvolumen erh\'e4ltlich: S, M und L.\
\
Sollten wir nur OTF anbieten, haben Sie das Recht die Formate TTF, EOT, SVG oder WOFF mit einem Konvertierungswerkzeug Ihrer Wahl zu erzeugen.\cf2 \
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs34 \cf0 \'95 http://www.carrois.com/ofa/\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs32 \cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 Contact \'b7 Kontakt\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs34 \cf0 \'95 sales@carrois.com\
\'95 +49 30 920 389 66\
\'95 www.carrois.com\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs44 \cf0 *}